# jsfs-unit5-project
 Public API Request

For this project, students were asked to create an employee directory using a public API request. The goals of this project were to make a successful API request to a random users API website and retrieve 12 random users to display on the page and generate a new batch of 12 each time the page is refreshed. This involves setting up async functions, using JSON to parse/format the retrieved data into text that can be interpreted by the program, and telling the program what to do in the event of an error. If successful, the retrieved and interpreted user data will display a photo, first and last name, email address, and location for each employee on the main page of the directory. When an emplpoyee's card is clicked, a modal window will open over the other users and expand the chosen card with additional info for each employee to include their phone number, address, and date of birth. Accomplishing these goals included implementation of event handlers along with special methods and functions in order to create needed elements and append them to their respective containers within the DOM. There is a search function that allows a user to input search criteria- the program will search through the employee list and display matches. 

For extra credit I added functionality of buttons to toggle between previous and next employee in the list while in the modal window. I also changed the main font as well as the header and card font size. I edited the colors for the main page background, main card background, and background for user info and button container in the modal window. I also added a box shadow for each of the user cards that displays on the main page. These styling changes were made in the CSS file. 
